README.md, before:

# ember-steps

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps?type=dev)
[![Ember Versions](https://embadge.io/v1/badge.svg?start=2.3.0)](#compatibility-note)

## Features

- Provides an extremely generic way of describing a series of views that should be shown in succession.
- Non-intrusive as the addon components do not create additional HTML.

## Installation

```bash
ember install ember-steps
```

## Basic Usage

Using `ember-steps` starts with creating a `step-manager`.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  We'll put some cool stuff in here in a moment
{{/step-manager}}
```

Cool, right?  Ehh, it doesn't do much yet -- we need to add some steps.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

As you may have guessed, the first `w.step` component, `a`, will be visible initially, and `b` will be invisible.  Note that these names are important.  Why?  Because we need a way to transition between them!

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'b'}}>
      Next, please!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'a'}}>
      Wait, go back!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

The `step-manager` provides a [closure action][ember-closure-actions] that can be called with the name of a step to show that one, instead.  One of the neat features of `ember-steps` is that there is no explicit order to the steps; show all of them, or only some. It's entirely up to you.

## Not-So-Basic Usage

The above examples show the basic idea, but there's more configuration (and power) available if you need it.  Head over to [the wiki][wiki] to read more about what `ember-steps` can do!

## Compatibility Note

This addon uses the [hash helper][hash-helper], so Ember 2.3.0+ is required.

[ember-closure-actions]: https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.8.0/templates/actions/
[wiki]: https://github.com/alexlafroscia/ember-steps/wiki
[hash-helper]: http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/01/15/ember-2-3-released.html#toc_hash-helper

Commit message:

Update tests to run against Ember v2.8.0 and higher

README.md, after:

# ember-steps

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps)
[![Ember Versions](https://embadge.io/v1/badge.svg?start=2.8.0)](#compatibility-note)

## Features

- Provides an extremely generic way of describing a series of views that should be shown in succession.
- Non-intrusive as the addon components do not create additional HTML.

## Installation

```bash
ember install ember-steps
```

## Basic Usage

Using `ember-steps` starts with creating a `step-manager`.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  We'll put some cool stuff in here in a moment
{{/step-manager}}
```

Cool, right?  Ehh, it doesn't do much yet -- we need to add some steps.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

As you may have guessed, the first `w.step` component, `a`, will be visible initially, and `b` will be invisible.  Note that these names are important.  Why?  Because we need a way to transition between them!

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'b'}}>
      Next, please!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'a'}}>
      Wait, go back!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

The `step-manager` provides a [closure action][ember-closure-actions] that can be called with the name of a step to show that one, instead.  One of the neat features of `ember-steps` is that there is no explicit order to the steps; show all of them, or only some. It's entirely up to you.

## Not-So-Basic Usage

The above examples show the basic idea, but there's more configuration (and power) available if you need it.  Head over to [the wiki][wiki] to read more about what `ember-steps` can do!

## Compatibility Note

Tests are no longer run against anything before 2.8.0, since that's the lowest LTS supported by the core team at this time. Older versions may work, but no promises.

This addon uses the [hash helper][hash-helper], so Ember 2.3.0+ is required. If you want something that will definitely work on a version of Ember lower than 2.8.0, use `v0.15.0` of this addon.

[ember-closure-actions]: https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.8.0/templates/actions/
[wiki]: https://github.com/alexlafroscia/ember-steps/wiki
[hash-helper]: http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/01/15/ember-2-3-released.html#toc_hash-helper
