tests/dummy/app/docs/index/template.md, before:

# ember-steps

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps)

> Declaratively create wizards, tabs, or any interface with sections of the page that should be shown one-at-a-time

## Installation

```bash
ember install ember-steps
```

## Basic Usage

Using `ember-steps` starts with creating a `step-manager`.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  We'll put some cool stuff in here in a moment
{{/step-manager}}
```

Cool, right?  Ehh, it doesn't do much yet -- we need to add some steps.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

As you may have guessed, the first `w.step` component, `a`, will be visible initially, and `b` will be invisible.  Note that these names are important.  Why?  Because we need a way to transition between them!

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'b'}}>
      Next, please!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'a'}}>
      Wait, go back!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

The `step-manager` provides a [closure action][ember-closure-actions] that can be called with the name of a step to show that one, instead.  One of the neat features of `ember-steps` is that there is no explicit order to the steps; show all of them, or only some. It's entirely up to you.

## Not-So-Basic Usage

The above examples show the basic idea, but there's more configuration (and power) available if you need it.  Head over to [the cookbook][cookbook] to read more about what `ember-steps` can do!

## Compatibility Note

Ember `2.12` is the earliest version that the tests are run against. YMMV with older versions of Ember.

[ember-closure-actions]: https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.0.0/templates/actions/
[cookbook]: http://alexlafroscia.com/ember-steps/latest/docs/cookbook
[hash-helper]: http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/01/15/ember-2-3-released.html#toc_hash-helper

Commit message:

Add back cookbook index page

tests/dummy/app/docs/index/template.md, after:

# ember-steps

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alexlafroscia/ember-steps)

> Declaratively create wizards, tabs, or any interface with sections of the page that should be shown one-at-a-time

## Installation

```bash
ember install ember-steps
```

## Basic Usage

Using `ember-steps` starts with creating a `step-manager`.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  We'll put some cool stuff in here in a moment
{{/step-manager}}
```

Cool, right?  Ehh, it doesn't do much yet -- we need to add some steps.

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

As you may have guessed, the first `w.step` component, `a`, will be visible initially, and `b` will be invisible.  Note that these names are important.  Why?  Because we need a way to transition between them!

```handlebars
{{#step-manager as |w|}}
  {{#w.step name='a'}}
    This is the first step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'b'}}>
      Next, please!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}

  {{#w.step name='b'}}
    This is the second step!

    <button {{action w.transition-to 'a'}}>
      Wait, go back!
    </button>
  {{/w.step}}
{{/step-manager}}
```

The `step-manager` provides a [closure action][ember-closure-actions] that can be called with the name of a step to show that one, instead.  One of the neat features of `ember-steps` is that there is no explicit order to the steps; show all of them, or only some. It's entirely up to you.

## Not-So-Basic Usage

The above examples show the basic idea, but there's more configuration (and power) available if you need it.  Head over to {{docs-link 'the cookbook' 'docs.cookbook'}} to read more about what `ember-steps` can do!

## Compatibility Note

Ember `2.12` is the earliest version that the tests are run against. YMMV with older versions of Ember.

[ember-closure-actions]: https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.0.0/templates/actions/
[hash-helper]: http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/01/15/ember-2-3-released.html#toc_hash-helper
